.TH libssh2_session_config_set 3 "21 Oct 2013" "libssh2 1.4.4" "libssh2 manual"
.SH NAME
libssh2_session_config_set - set configurable session parameters
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <libssh2.h>

unsigned long
libssh2_session_config_set(LIBSSH2_SESSION *session, int key, unsigned long value);

.SH DESCRIPTION
This function allows one to set the session configurable
parameters. \fIkey\fP is the parameter to set, and \fIvalue\fP is its
new value.

.SH KEYS
The parameters that can be currently set are as follows:

.IP LIBSSH2_SESSION_CONFIG_BLOCKING
Sets or clears the session blocking mode. This will instantly affect any
channels associated with this session.

If a read is performed on a session with no data currently available,
a blocking session will wait for data to arrive and return what it
receives. A non-blocking session will return immediately with an empty
buffer.

If a write is performed on a session with no room for more data, a
blocking session will wait for room.  A non-blocking session will
return immediately without writing anything.

.IP LIBSSH2_SESSION_CONFIG_SIGPIPE
If set to a true value, libssh2 will not attempt to block SIGPIPEs but
will let them trigger from the underlying socket layer.

.IP LIBSSH2_SESSION_CONFIG_COMPRESS
If set to a true value before the connection handshake is performed,
libssh2 will try to use compression for the session negotiating it
with the server.

libssh2 does not attempt to use compression by default.

.IP LIBSSH2_SESSION_TIMEOUT
Sets the session timeout in miliseconds. The timeout repressents for
how long a blocking libssh2 function call may wait before failing with
a LIBSSH2_ERROR_TIMEOUT error.

.IP LIBSSH2_SESSION_CHANNEL_WINDOW_SIZE
Sets the window size in bytes used for new created channels. The
default value is 2MB.

.IP LIBSSH2_SESSION_CHANNEL_PACKET_SIZE
Sets the maximum packet size in bytes for new created channels. The
default value is 32KB.

.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns the value the parameter had previously.

.SH AVAILABILITY
This function has been available since version 1.4.4.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libssh2_session_config_get(3) ,
.BR libssh2_session_flag(3) ,
.BR libssh2_session_set_blocking(3) ,
.BR libssh2_session_set_timeout(3) .
